[Music]
cooking with love way to consume
welcome everyone to our Channel SILS
today we are going to make macaroni
salad I hope you like it and if you like
it please subscribe to our channel and
like these sweet now let us quickly look
at our ingredients 1 world of boiled
macaroni 1 capsicum finely chopped make
sure it is one Bob 1 tablespoon of oil
it can be annoying olive oil or refined
oil and 2 to 3 spoons of mayonnaise and
so it and back therefore according to
taste now till the end about in that
shift your boil micron
now I will have oil do this
[Music]
be honest
mix it well now I get into it
[Music]
[Applause]
they have salt and pepper collie to
taste
make sure your black pepper is freshly
candid sunlight flavor to the Senate now
admissions ready you need to refrigerate
it for two to three hours before you
serve it I am limited in for two to
three hours so that - just settle down
nominally shifted into the plate and we
do service now it's ready and I hope you
all like it
our dish is ready and it looks delicious
I hope you would like to do and if you
like a video there are recipes please
like our videos and subscribe to our
channel thank you for watching
[Music]